In this lecture we learn about what each team is the history behind it and its relevance to web development.
Each team has an acronym that stands for hypertext markup language.
It defines the content of web pages H.T. Melas built in symbol's elements and attributes that allow
us to write code that communicates with the web browser.
Regarding the content and structure of web pages there are several versions of HVM L..
The latest version is HVM L5 which was released in 2004 in the HDMI language dates back to 1991 when
the first version of HVM L was released in the software industry.
HDMI is used mainly in web design and development web browsers such as Google Chrome and Firefox read
HVM documents and then display them to the user.
Here is a look at the example Web site.
We will build using HMO later in the course and the code that is allowing the content to be rendered
in the web browser.
One exciting aspect of each team is that it gives us several building blocks to communicate with web
browsers and build interactive web pages and web apps.
Some things HVM allows us to do or display images create responsive buttons display text and data and
embed media into web pages.
Languages like HVM l require that you follow a specific syntax or grammatical structure and rules of
a language.
This section will take you through the structure of H.T. most fundamental concepts step by step and
assumes no prior knowledge of HMO.
By learning H-G male syntax and the variety of programming constructs it gives us access to you can
unlock the true potential of HVM L and build great web content in the next lecture we will learn about
tags and HMO.